Previously what we did was,
we built a nice little abstraction over React and
Redux in order to make working with both of them a little nicer.
So what we have is this Provider component,
which is responsible for sticking our store on Context.
And then we created a connect higher order component,
which was responsible for rendering a specific component,
and parsing that component any data that it needs from the Redux store.
Now, it turns out that this is a pretty common pattern.
And in fact, it's so common that it is actually its own library,
and it is the official recommended bindings for using React and Redux together.
So now, what we've done is,
we've included the react-redux package inside of our application,
that's going to stick a react-redux property on
our global scope as we've seen a few different times with redux and with react.
And so now what we can do is,
let's come in here,
and we're going to eventually once we get there,
we can delete our createContext invocation.
We can delete our Connect implementation,
and then we can also delete our Provider because as you probably guessed,
all of these things now are going to come on the react-redux package.
So what we can do here is instead of using our own Provider,
we can say ReactReduxt.Provider,
and now anywhere where we use Connect
instead of just using our Connect higher order component,
we can use ReactRedux.connect.
So again, what we've done is,
instead of just showing you how to use a new API,
what we've done is we've actually re-implemented that API from scratch.
So now, not only do you know how to use connect in
order to connect a React component to your Redux store,
but you also understand how it works under the hood.
And not only do you know how to use Provider in order to stick your store on Context,
but you also know what it looks like under the hood because you literally built it out.
So, if you want to find out more about this react-redux package,
just google react-redux, and you'll notice here that again,
it is the official bindings for React and Redux.
So if you are ever using a React app with Redux,
almost 100 percent of the time you will be using this react-redux library.
And again, what's so cool about it is the API is pretty small.
You'll notice here that we just have
a Provider component parsing at the store as well as connect,
and we already know how to use both of those because we literally re-implemented them.